Shh
I'd like everybody to take out paper and
pencil because this stuff's going to be
on the final exam
I've already drawn this diagram on the
board this is supposed to be a lens you
can see how the glass is curved this is
like a magnifying glass that you might
have used as a kid to burn leaves on the
sidewalk
these lines represent the Sun like waves
coming from infinity and straight line
yeah what's up for lying to a nothing in
class but to do this assignment
I'm bored won't you come pick me up
I gotta call you back right
and it comes through the lens and the
glass bends those rays so they couldn't
man yeah I know it's a coming over
tonight right yeah so yeah I know I know
she's gonna be there right
yeah all right hey I I got I'm in class
I gotta go I gotta go I attack she's a
man back
or where that smoldering leaf is on the
sidewalk that distance we call the focal
length the diameter the lens and the
focal yeah
where was I the diameter the lens and
the focal length determine what the
f-stop is formula is f-stop
where was I okay these are the light
race coming from the Sun now one of the
questions on the final exam is going to
be to list the standard full f-stop
hello
boy am I glad to hear from you
really well how about tonight can I can
I pick you up right after work
no more phones ringing during my lecture
close the door and make it quiet I'm
talking here
I've been wondering if you might like to
go to a movie sometime